Name: Nathaniel Myer
Date: 12/19/2019
Project: 05-Space Shooter
Peer's repository: https://github.com/17jrb17/05-Space-Shooter.git



What is something you learned by reviewing your peer's project?
I learned how important it is to drawn from past experiences and learning. This game showns how the 
simple building block lessons we learned earlier in the semester can be used in conjunction to build 
a full game.
 

What is something you saw in your peer's project that you would like to apply to your own programming projects?
The organization. At times my projects can get a bit out of hand and unorganized to the point that I don't even
remember what I was doing. Every thing in the code was clearyl organized and commented and I would like to apply
that to my own projects.
 

What suggestions would you have for your peer to improve his/her code?
This is less inprovedment to the code for the features already impllemented but rather suggestions to 
make the space shooter more engaging. I would suggest adding HP or lives to the player along with collision
so that when the asteroids come into contact with the player they take damage/die which woulld give this game
more agency and challenge.
 

What could have been clearer or better commented?
The end half of the code is easy to understand and well commented but the setup and update
sections that code in the game collisions and scoring need comments for others to understand.
 

Was there anything in the code that was confusing to you? If so, what?
For some reason even though the bulllets do ten damage it takes two shots to kill enemies with ten health.
The bullets only seem to do nine damage to an enemy the first shot but then do ten for every additional
shot to an enemy. Say you want to kill an eney in four shots their health has to be thirty nine not forty.

 
Does the repository contain an appropriate LICENSE?
Yes the respository contains the appropriate signed license.
 

What is something he/she could add to the README.md to make it more descriptive?
Reference that this was for a game technology class, is using python arcade, and was a project
to make a space shooter. Other than that since the code is well commented the README gets the general
idea across. Though the apology for the llalte assignment should have been sent in a provate email 
and not included in the code's publlic README.
 

Pay a compliment to your peer based on the quality of his/her code.
As I said before the organization is great and it was easy for me to understand
the code after I saw what was displayed onscreen. Allso even though this project used
code that we somewhat already learned it changed things in a way that made it wholly unique.
Like building a castle out of legos.

